README.md, before:

# Coherent Point Drift

A python implementation of rigid and affine alignment using the
[coherent point drift][cpd] algorithm. Includes brute-force search for rigid
alignment in global rotation space.

# Installation

The main script (`align.py`) can be run from the source directory. For
convenience, a setuptools compatible install script (`setup.py`) is provided to
install the library. Detailed instructions can be found in
the [official documentation][setuptools].

## Dependencies

[Python 3][python] and [Numpy][numpy]. Numpy is available from [PyPI][pypi] and
can be installed as described in the [pip documentation][pip-install]. To
support plotting, [matplotlib][matplotlib] is required. To support MATLAB
compatible output, [scipy][scipy] is required. These are all available
from [PyPI][pypi].

# Usage

## Script

The main script `align.py`, performs alignment searches and can also plot the
result. Detailed instructions and lists of supported formats are available with
the `--help` option, but general use is as follows:

    align.py align reference.csv points.csv
    
This will produce a transform to align the points in `points.csv` to the points
in `reference.csv` (other input formats are supported).

To save the resulting transform (e.g. for plotting), specify the `--format`
argument. Then, redirect the output into your target file:

    align.py align reference.csv points.csv --format pickle > xform.pickle

The alignment can be visualized with the `plot` command:

    align.py plot reference.csv points.csv xform.pickle
    
Or, it can be applied to an arbitrary set of points with the `xform` command:

    align.py xform points.csv xform --format txt
    
Note `--format` specifies the format of the output, the input format is guessed
from the file extension.

### Demo

Some sample points and a transform can be found in the `tests/fixtures`
directory, as `ref.pickle`, `deg.pickle` and `xform.pickle` respectively.

Other examples can be found in the `figures` directory, but these are not
actively maintained.

[setuptools]: https://docs.python.org/3.3/install/#the-new-standard-distutils
[Python]: https://python.org
[Numpy]: https://www.numpy.org
[matplotlib]: http://matplotlib.org
[cpd]: http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TPAMI.2010.46
[pypi]: https://pypi.python.org/pypi
[pip-install]: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#installing-packages
[scipy]: https://scipy.org

Commit message:

Move entry point into module
So it can be installed like other modules.

README.md, after:

# Coherent Point Drift

A python implementation of rigid and affine alignment using the
[coherent point drift][cpd] algorithm. Includes brute-force search for rigid
alignment in global rotation space.

# Installation

The main script (`coherent_point_drift/main.py`) can be run from the source
directory. For convenience, a setuptools compatible install script (`setup.py`)
is provided to install the library and main script. Detailed instructions can be
found in the [official documentation][setuptools].

## Dependencies

[Python 3][python] and [Numpy][numpy]. Numpy is available from [PyPI][pypi] and
can be installed as described in the [pip documentation][pip-install]. To
support plotting, [matplotlib][matplotlib] is required. To support MATLAB
compatible output, [scipy][scipy] is required. These are all available
from [PyPI][pypi].

# Usage

## Script

The main script `align.py`, performs alignment searches and can also plot the
result. If using `setup.py`, it will be installed as the `cpd` exectutable.
Detailed instructions and lists of supported formats are available with the
`--help` option, but general use is as follows:

    align.py align reference.csv points.csv
    
This will produce a transform to align the points in `points.csv` to the points
in `reference.csv` (other input formats are supported).

To save the resulting transform (e.g. for plotting), specify the `--format`
argument. Then, redirect the output into your target file:

    align.py align reference.csv points.csv --format pickle > xform.pickle

The alignment can be visualized with the `plot` command:

    align.py plot reference.csv points.csv xform.pickle
    
Or, it can be applied to an arbitrary set of points with the `xform` command:

    align.py xform points.csv xform --format txt
    
Note `--format` specifies the format of the output, the input format is guessed
from the file extension.

### Demo

Some sample points and a transform can be found in the `tests/fixtures`
directory, as `ref.pickle`, `deg.pickle` and `xform.pickle` respectively.

Other examples can be found in the `figures` directory, but these are not
actively maintained.

[setuptools]: https://docs.python.org/3.3/install/#the-new-standard-distutils
[Python]: https://python.org
[Numpy]: https://www.numpy.org
[matplotlib]: http://matplotlib.org
[cpd]: http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TPAMI.2010.46
[pypi]: https://pypi.python.org/pypi
[pip-install]: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#installing-packages
[scipy]: https://scipy.org
